Update User Guide (#608)
openkfw/TruBudget: doc/wiki/User-Guide/Users-Groups/User.md

6. Re-type the new password to confirm it
7. Click "Submit" to save the new password

## Enable User

**Description:**

Enable disabled User.

**Notes:**

> - Only an administrator can enable users of his/her organization!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only a user with the `user.enable`-permission can disable users of his/her organization!
```

**Instructions:**
1. Click the button in the upper left corner (hamburger menu) to open the side-navigation-bar.
2. Click "Users" Selection.
2. Click "Disabled users" tab
3. Click the "Restore user" button (looks like a white check mark symbol) next to the user you want to enable.

> 4. A confirmation dialog will be show. Click "Disable user" to confirm to disable user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A confirmation dialog will be shown. Click "Disable user" to confirm the activation.
```

## Disable User

**Description:**

Disable an User.

**Notes:**

> - Only an administrator can disable users of his/her organization!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only a user with the `user.disable`-permission can disable users of his/her organization!
```

- When disabled user tried to log in a "Login ID is disabled" message will pop up.

**Instructions:**
1. Click the button in the upper left corner (hamburger menu) to open the side-navigation-bar.
2. Click "Users" Selection.
3. Click the "Disable user" button (looks like a white minus symbol) next to the user you want to disable.

> 4. A confirmation dialog will be show. Click "Disable user" to confirm to disable user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. A confirmation dialog will be shown. Click "Disable user" to confirm the deactivation.
```
